---
date: 2020-10-22T20:30:22-04:00
draft: true
---

Gentlemen,

United by our common bonds, we write to discuss an opportunity created to
provide a great journey.  Long ago for some, a recent time for many, we all ran
under the banner of black and gold towards one common goal: to achieve the
highest glory possible as a cross country team borne out of these treasured and
endless mountains trails.  There were the close attempts of 7th place in 2001,
and 10th in 2000, 2003, and 2007 at Regionals, but not since 1994 has
Appalachian cross country reached the pinnacle of NCAA championships.  Now,
fortified with decades of alumni bonded by uncommon training experience, The
Firetower Project has become a reality.

The Firetower Project, operating through the Appalachian Foundation is a
nonprofit (501c3) group whose mission is to provide the financial support
necessary to boost Appalachian men’s cross country back up to national
prominence within 5 years.  The Firetower Project draws its greatest might from
an alumni bonded together by common experience and training over the last 25
years.  While this dream of representing the black and gold at the NCAA
Championships did not materialize for most of us during our athletic endeavors,
we are now poised to inject true adrenaline into future teams.

What does The Firetower Project ask?  In considering the 25 years of common
alumni, the financial potential to support scholarship(s) for high caliber
recruits is electrifying.  In providing a 5-year annual pledge of commitments,
no matter the level of support, we can leverage Appalachian’s natural allure of
training grounds to match blue chip recruitment.

Can The Firetower Project be effective in these transient and unusual times?
While our adversaries waver in deciding whether to continue ahead or draw down,
we strongly feel now is the time to advance forward.  You may ask why now after
the indoor men’s track program has been ended?  It has undoubtedly been a
difficult year for our brethren, but we press onward to honor our legacy, to
assist those currently in need, and to build toward the future.

What is the mission of The Firetower Project?  Victory.  In the early stages of
the Project, victory at the conference level and beyond.  Victory and momentum
in the middle stages by reaching the upper echelons at Regionals.  All of this
culminating in victory advancing to the NCAAs to sustain a presence there
beyond The Firetower Project.  So that with these great victories, armed and
advanced with the support of a decades-long bonded alumni, the new and
victorious Appalachian cross country program will come to the restoration and
glorification of the old!

Every last breath in every last one of us have all run that humbling yet
stirring path to the firetower.  Let us join together again as a team, across
the years and across great distances, on this new journey to the firetower.
United under this banner, together we are stronger than one, together we are…

The Firetower Project



