---
title: "Vision"
date: 2020-10-05T21:00:05-04:00
draft: true
---
*Our vision statement is a reflection on the impacts of the Firetower Project
when it is achieving its mission.*

---

![ASU Men](/warmup.png)

It's the Fall of 2025. Excitement has been growing around the AppState men's
cross country program. It's been quite a while since the team is headed into
the regional meet with a chance at making the NCAA championship.

The team has spent most of the season in the "others receiving votes" category
in the national rankings, and they are pumped and ready to go at the regional
meet after winning yet another conference championship two weeks ago, which
almost felt like a formality.

Alumni are anticipating the meet with excitement as well. Many alumni even took
time away from work and families to travel to the meet. The night before the
meet, there is much comradery, reconnecting, and a rebuilding of relationships.
Much of the time is spent talking about how the alumni can further support the
program.

Saturday morning has finally arrived and the team is warming up. The men look
confident during warm ups with the weight of the moment at hand. Alumni who
could not make the meet are waiting anxiously at home and at in person
gatherings around the country. Text messages and chats are flying between
alumni at the meet and those at home.

At the pre race huddle, Coach Curcio gathers the men together. Those on the
outside don't know what's said, but the yell of "Family, School, Team! Go
Apps!" is easily heard and it carries across the course.

The gun goes off, and the men get out well. The race moves quickly, and the
progress is tracked by many alumni at different parts of the course.

The team starts to come across the finish line, man by man, and the
anticipation of the results continues to build. The men ran well. Not
everything went as planned, but others stepped up in the moment. They gave
their all.

As the results become available, there are many emotions. Excitement. Doubt.
Confidence.

Finally... Elation and celebration. Goals are attained. Parents, families,
alumni, and team members all are proud.

We'll see you in two weeks as the AppState men return to the NCAA
championships!
